hey guys what's going on it's time to
forfeit old homebrew yeah I'm gonna zoom
it in now just just quick here cuz I'm
gonna show you the cracking of the
bottle here it's a little bit close but
that's Arnie okay so I got the homebrew
bottled it and that bottle with these
little flip on top there and of course
while I get there any other standard
more plastic bottles I got here no let's
get ready to go let's get ready to try
this out and see how she cracks I'm
gonna do this carefully here I'm not
zooming in a bit more get a nice little
close-up here check it out look see what
happens here we go already pretty tough
ready okay so pops up oh here that just
shot me off it did says okay it's about
a closing gate yeah yeah of course
okay back her off and we're gonna pour
do her a taste test
it's just regular old home brewed not
really special but a cheap as you can
get but let's see how it comes over
let's see how she tastes out of the
bottle yeah
careful that way
how's that look pretty good or what just
the homebrew I made the video of there
last week last week in the week before
last
good enough I guess
all right tell me what you think of the
clarity on that that looks pretty good
at all
get hold up to the light but camera that
way but I'm gonna give it a try and see
what it tastes like
what do you think guys smells like
normal homebrew all right looks pretty
good
you know what I did it the bottle
suppose the plastic I don't really find
much of a difference it's about the same
it's got a bit of a refreshing taste
it's it's carbonated boat to the right
amount
maybe maybe slightly slightly under
carbonated slow not quite not quite as a
store like this carbonated is a
store-bought beer but it's not bad it's
got about the same taste as I would get
out of one of these coke balls so that's
about the same it doesn't really improve
any in the ball of course it was sitting
for a full seven days in the closet and
in the room temperature and then it was
sitting for seven full days in the no it
was sitting for almost almost seven days
and fridge I think something like that
so anyways that's that that's the old
homebrew I'm gonna of course I'm gonna
try a better a better kit later on right
thick thick and I can afford it I'm
gonna try better kit alright that's the
lowdown of it it's pretty good it's
drinkable it's got it's got a bit of a
bitterness but it really doesn't taste
any better than the the plastic I'm here
to tell you it's about exactly the same
flavor as the plastic
have a good night see you later